itemGroup.Bonyindustrialtech=Bit Mod

item.nyt.name=Nyt
item.vice.name=Vice
item.basicbattery.name=Battery
item.stonestick.name=Cobblestone Rod
item.stickcarver.name=Rod Carver
item.ironstick.name=Iron Rod
item.diamondstick.name=Diamond Rod
item.emeraldstick.name=Emerald Rod
item.goldstick.name=Gold Rod
item.axenyt.name=Nyt Axe
item.picknyt.name=Nyt Pickaxe
item.swordnyt.name=Nyt Sword
item.spadenyt.name=Nyt Shovel
item.hoenyt.name=Nyt Hoe
item.axevice.name=Vice Axe
item.pickvice.name=Vice Pickaxe
item.swordvice.name=Vice Sword
item.spadenyt.name=Vice Shovel
item.hoenyt.name=Vice Hoe
item.axebemerald.name=Emerald Axe
item.pickbemerald.name=Emerald Pickaxe
item.swordbemerald.name=Emerald Sword
item.spadebemerald.name=Emerald Shovel
item.hoebemerald.name=Emerald Hoe
item.axebquartz.name=Quartz Axe
item.pickbquartz.name=Quartz Pickaxe
item.swordbquartz.name=Quartz Sword
item.spadebquartz.name=Quartz Shovel
item.hoebquartz.name=Quartz Hoe
item.glowstonestick.name=Glowstone Rod
item.ironbitcoin.name=Iron Bitcoin
item.goldbitcoin.name=Gold Bitcoin
item.diamondbitcoin.name=Diamond Bitcoin
item.redstonestick.name=Redstone Rod
item.lapisstick.name=Lapis Rod
item.quartzstick.name=Quartz Rod
item.nytstick.name=Nyt Rod
item.vicestick.name=Vice Rod
item.ironflint.name=Iron Flint
item.bonyiumingot.name=Bonyium Ingot

tile.nytore.name=Nyt Ore
tile.viceore.name=Vice Ore
tile.furnacenytidle.name=Nytrogenic Furnace
tile.nytblock.name=Nyt Block
tile.viceblock.name=Vice Block
tile.chromeglass.name=Chrome Glass
tile.machineblock.name=Machine Block
tile.irongravel.name=Iron Gravel
tile.clearglass.name=Clear Glass

container.nytfurnace=Nytrogenic Furnace
