itemGroup.Bonyindustiraltech=Bit Mod

item.nytitem.name=Nyt
item.viceitem.name=Vice
item.basicbattery.name=Batterij
item.stickstone.name=keien Staaf
item.stickcarver.name=Staaf Snijder
item.stickiron.name=Ijzeren Staaf
item.stickdiamond.name=Diamanten Staaf
item.stickemerald.name=Smamagden Staaf
item.stickgold.name=Gouden Staaf
item.nytaxe.name=Nyt Bijl
item.nytpick.name=Nyt Pikhouweel
item.nytsword.name=Nyt Zwaard
item.nytspade.name=Nyt Schep
item.nythoe.name=Nyt Schoffel
item.viceaxe.name=Vice Bijl
item.vicepick.name=Vice Pikhouweel
item.vicesword.name=Vice Zwaard
item.vicespade.name=Vice Schep
item.vicehoe.name=Vice Schoffel
item.bemeraldaxe.name=Smamagden Bijl
item.pbemeraldpick.name=Smamagden PikHouweel
item.bemeraldsword.name=Smamagden Zwaard
item.bemeraldspade.name=Smamagden Schep
item.bemeraldhoe.name=Smamagden Schoffel
item.bquartzaxe.name=Kwarts Bijl
item.bquartzpickaxe.name=Kwarts Pikhouweel
item.bquartzsword.name=Kwarts Zwaard
item.bquartzspade.name=Kwarts Schep
item.bquartzhoe.name=Kwarts Schoffel
item.stickglowstone.name=Gloeisteen Staaf
item.ironbitcoin.name=Ijzeren Bitcoin
item.goldbitcoin.name=Gouden Bitcoin
item.diamondbitcoin.name=Diamanten Bitcoin
item.stickredstone.name=Redstone Staaf
item.sticklapis.name=Lapis Staaf
item.stickquartz.name=Kwarts Staaf
item.stickinyt.name=Nyt Staaf
item.stickvice.name=Vice Staaf
item.flintiron.name=Iizeren Vuursteen
item.bonyiumingot.name=Bonyiumstaaf
item.emeraldbitcoin.name=Emerald Bitcoin

tile.nytore.name=Nyt Erts
tile.viceore.name=Vice Erts
tile.furnacenytidle.name=Nytrogenic Fornuis
tile.nytblock.name=Nyt Blok
tile.viceblock.name=Vice Blok
tile.chromeglass.name=Chrome Glas
tile.machineblock.name=Machine Blok
tile.irongravel.name=Ijzer Grind
tile.clearglass.name=Helder Glas

container.nytfurnace=Nytrogenic Fornuis
