itemGroup.Bonyindustiraltech=Bit Mod

item.nytitem.name=Nyt
item.viceitem.name=Vice
item.basicbattery.name=Battery
item.stickstone.name=Olwen Sardi
item.stickcarver.name=Olwen Onna
item.stickiron.name=Olwen Anga
item.stickdiamond.name=Diamond Rod
item.stickemerald.name=Emerald Rod
item.stickgold.name=Olwen Malta
item.nytaxe.name=Pelecco Nyt
item.nytpick.name=Ondopelecco Nyt
item.nytsword.name=Macil Nyt
item.nytspade.name=Sampa Nyt
item.nythoe.name=Mahyar Nyt
item.viceaxe.name=Pelecco Vice
item.vicepick.name=Ondopelecco Vice
item.vicesword.name=Macil Vice
item.vicespade.name=Sampa Vice
item.vicehoe.name=Mahyar Vice
item.bemeraldaxe.name=Emerald Axe
item.bemeraldpick.name=Emerald Pickaxe
item.bemeraldsword.name=Emerald Sword
item.bemeraldspade.name=Emerald Shovel
item.bemeraldhoe.name=Emerald Hoe
item.bquartzaxe.name=Pelecco Maril
item.bquartzpickaxe.name=Ondopelecco Maril
item.bquartzsword.name=Macil Maril
item.bquartzspade.name=Sampa Maril
item.bquartzhoe.name=Mahyar Maril
item.stickglowstone.name=Glowstone Rod
item.ironbitcoin.name=Bitcoin Anga
item.goldbitcoin.name=Bitcoin Malta
item.diamondbitcoin.name=Diamond Bitcoin
item.stickredstone.name=Redstone Rod
item.sticklapis.name=Lapis Rod
item.stickquartz.name=Olwen Maril
item.stickinyt.name=Olwen Nyt
item.stickvice.name=Olwen Vice
item.flintiron.name=Sinca Anga
item.bonyiumingot.name=Bonyium

tile.nytore.name=Ondo Nyt
tile.viceore.name=Ondo Vice
tile.furnacenytidle.name=Nytrogenic Urna
tile.nytblock.name=Colca Nyt
tile.viceblock.name=Colca Vice
tile.chromeglass.name=Chrome Glass
tile.machineblock.name=Machine Block
tile.irongravel.name=Iron Gravel
tile.clearglass.name=Clear Glass

container.nytfurnace=Nytrogenic Urna
